<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE task PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Task//EN" "task.dtd">
<task id="task_gqx_vs1_zx">
    <title>How To Rent a Room</title>
    <shortdesc/>
    <taskbody>
        <context>
            <p>So you've learned about our company and you want to move forward with renting a
                classroom? Follow these simple steps to reserving a room through AirClassroom!</p>
        </context>
        <steps>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Create a Profile</b></cmd>
                <info>A profile on AirClassroom is essential to using the services provided by our
                    company. It gives you direct access to renting a classroom, editing existing
                    rentals, or cancelling reservations if need be. Profiles also help our
                    representatives to offer you specific advice or promotions based on your
                    classroom needs.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Choose the Classroom</b></cmd>
                <info>Choose between Shanks 160 or 360 based on availabitlity or preference. Both
                    classrooms are sufficiently equipped to provide you with the space and
                    ammenities for your needs.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Choose the Day/Time</b></cmd>
                <info>Because there are some classes held in these rooms during the work week,
                    AirClassroom cannot provide complete access to them 24/7. However, by partnering
                    with Virginia Tech, AirClassroom is able to offer these rooms to users during an
                    array of dates and times to accommodate their schedules and requirements. Choose
                    the day and time that best fits your demand.</info>
            </step>
            <step>
                <cmd><b>Rent!</b></cmd>
                <info>Once everything is in order above, and your selections are made, select
                        <b>Submit Rental Request</b> to complete the rental process. You will
                    receive a same-day confirmation email to the contact information provided on
                    your profile with the details of your room rental.</info>
            </step>
        </steps>
    </taskbody>
</task>
